“We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.” — Albert Einstein
“Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” — Mark Twain
“When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.”— Eleanor Roosevelt
“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.”—Norman Vincent Peale
“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. —Walter Anderson
“Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.”—Diane McLaren
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston S. Churchill
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." — Herman Melville
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.” — Henry David Thoreau
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” —Dale Carnegie
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." —Calvin Coolidge
“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” —Mister Rogers
“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” —John Wooden
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” —Estée Lauder
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.” ―W. P. Kinsella
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." — Winston Churchill
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” — Will Rogers
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” — Unknown
“If you don’t believe it or don’t get it, I don’t have the time to try to convince you, sorry.” – Satoshi Nakamoto
“I see Bitcoin as ultimately becoming a reserve currency for banks, playing much the same role as gold did in the early days of banking. Banks could issue digital cash with greater anonymity and lighter weight, more efficient transactions.” – Hal Finney
“Any time a country transitioned to a fiat currency, they collapsed. That’s just world history; you don’t have to know about cryptocurrency to know that.” – Nipsey Hussle
“If the cryptocurrency market overall or a digital asset is solving a problem, it’s going to drive some value.” –  Brad Garlinghouse
“Whenever the price of cryptocurrency is rallying, people start spending a lot more.” – Erik Voorhees
“We are seeing more managed money and, to an extent, institutional money entering the [crypto] space. Anecdotally speaking, I know of many people who are working at hedge funds or other investment managers who are trading cryptocurrency personally, the question is, when do people start doing it with their firms and funds?” – Olaf Carlson-Wee
“I am very excited about the prospect of using cryptocurrency, not just as a money equivalent, but using it as a way to earn something as a result of doing some type of work.” – William Mougayar
“What value does cryptocurrency add? No one’s been able to answer that question to me.” – Steve Eisman
“Bitcoin is here to stay. There would be a hacker uproar to anyone who attempted to take credit for the patent of cryptocurrency. And I wouldn’t want to be on the receiving end of hacker fury.” – Adam Draper
“I am very intrigued by Bitcoin. It has all the signs. Paradigm shift, hackers love it, yet it is described as a toy. Just like microcomputers.” – Paul Graham
“Blockchain is the tech. Bitcoin is merely the first mainstream manifestation of its potential.” – Marc Kenigsberg
“As the value goes up, heads start to swivel and skeptics begin to soften. Starting a new currency is easy, anyone can do it. The trick is getting people to accept it because it is their use that gives the “money” value.” – Adam B. Levine
“Bitcoin will do to banks what email did to the postal industry” – Rick Falkvinge
“Bitcoin is a technological tour de force.” – Bill Gates
“Well, I think it is working. There may be other currencies like it that may be even better. But in the meantime, there’s a big industry around Bitcoin— People have made fortunes off Bitcoin, some have lost money. It is volatile, but people make money off of volatility too.” – Richard Branson
“Bitcoin actually has the balance and incentives center, and that is why it is starting to take off.”  – Julian Assange
“““Cryptocurrency is such a powerful concept that it can almost overturn governments.” – Charles Lee, Creator of Litecoin
“The reason we are all here is that the current financial system is outdated.” – Charlie Shrem – founder & CEO Bitinstant
“There are 3 eras of currency: Commodity based, politically based, and now, math-based.” – Chris Dixon
“At their core, cryptocurrencies are built around the principle of a universal, inviolable ledger, one that is made fully public and is constantly being verified by these high-powered computers, each essentially acting independently of the others.” – Paul Vigna
